DAN: My whole world changed one day when all these
random cards started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough so a
bunch of us kids invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized those cards weren't so
harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers from
another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo, Marucho, Julie...
not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
and Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal...two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
\"The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"My Good Friend.\"
Hal-G! Where are you?
I am sorry for the delay..Master Naga!
That is not acceptable!
I have waited too long!
You said you would destroy the Dragonoid and
then bring me the Infinity Core!
But you have done neither,
and the Dragonoid only seems to get stronger the
more contact he has with the human!
Masquerade perhaps it's time for you to battle them.
I will Master. When the time is right!
What does Masquerade take us for?
A buncha chumps!
Calm down Julio, he'll be here.
Aren't you angry?
First Billy and now Komba betray us and we're still
waiting for Masquerade to show up!
We don't need Billy and Komba on our
side...What's done is done, let it go.
Ahh!
I tell ya I am gonna lose it if Masquerade doesn't get here soon.
You really should learn how to control your temper,
relax, here's our friend now, look!
Naga says he's not happy with the way things are going.
What!
Well I've got a few words for him!
Easy!
What Julio means is we have to come up with a new strategy.
I think I have a plan that will work!
Yes?
Hey-ho!
Ice cream!
It's doogleberry!
Have some - Oh?
Thanks a lot Runo!
That'll put you right!
Go on!
You better eat it before it starts melting.
He's teleporting?
Yup...Masquerade's got this small mobile
teleporting machine he uses to transport himself
to anywhere in the world.
It's hard to believe but that's how he shows up
out of nowhere wherever you guys go!
Oh?
So it's not magic then?
I see, so he must be using an application of
the dimension transporting system that
my Grandfather invented.
Komba, is that how you and the others found us?
By teleporting to our location?
No, Masquerade would just tell us where to go.
But it worked out great for me because I
got to meet my hero Shun!
I'm not a hero.
Did you see who Masquerade really is?
No I didn't..Whenever he showed up he always had
his mask on so we never saw his face!
Welcome to my homeland everybody!
This is Kenya!
As you can see there are all kinds of animals here.
Oh look at the elephants!
I've seen pictures of them in books!
It's a real life safari park!
Lions! See them, Tigrerra?
My lady, can this be true...
If I wasn't seeing this for myself I would never
believe that there are creatures like the
Bakugan in your world.
I really wish Preyas was here right now so he could see this!
Well you're home now Komba!
If Masquerade or anyone else tries to contact you
let us know about it okay? - Sure!
I'll make sure that I keep in touch!
You can count on it!
Good, thank you.
No problem!
Hey as the very first student of yours it's a real honour.
See ya!
First student?
As long as he can help us that's all that matters!
Hold on, remember what Komba said,
Masquerade can show up anytime wherever we are.
It's Webmaster Joe who tells him where we are.
It's Joe that's been tracking our whereabouts all along.
We can use that to our advantage...
If any of Masquerade's monkeys show up we can
show them what life is like out of the cage!
We just have to be the bait in the trap that's
gonna bring 'em in!
Right, Runo?
Oh I forgot!
Those two haven't made up yet have they?
Um?
Hey! Good Plan?
Boy, Marucho sure has been feeling down...
Uh, what I meant was, we don't have to wait around
for things to happen you know.
If we can break Masquerade's grip on the other Bakugan players we
Bakugan players we can beat him!
That'll never happen!
(EVERYONE:) huh?
Surprise! Suprise! You found us!
Oh? But how?
We never mentioned anything in our chat room
about bringing Komba back home to Kenya.
They knew that Komba betrayed them so they
must have figured that we would take him home to safety.
It doesn't matter how we got here.
We came here for a battle and that's what we intend to do!
Right!
How about we battle three on three?
Sure!
Let's do it!
That sounds good to me!
I want my revenge!
Remember how they took Preyas away from me!
I wanna battle you!
And I'll make sure things don't turn out like last time.
You're on Cue Ball!
I don't like this, those three aren't working together.
Yeah I know...
(ALL TOGETHER) Field open!
(ALL TOGETHER) Doom card set!
( ALL TOGETHER) Gate card set!
Is this a battle or a staring contest?
Very well allow me to go first!
Bakugan brawl!
Griffon stand!
Griffon recognized. Power level 330 G's.
I'm going in.
Hey, are you ready for me!
Let me take him on!
Are you sure Marucho?
I know I can beat him!
Bakugan brawl!
Mantris stand!
Bakugan Mantris recognized
The three of you must work together or you will never win this.
Not now Drago!
Wait my lady!
Gate card open!
Cheering battle activate!
Cheering battle?
That's right and that means I can add another Bakugan.
It'll be a big surprise for all of you!
Now, who was it that wanted to battle me?
Oh yes, I remember.
It was Marucho...
Lucky you, you get to see my very special Bakugan.
Bakugan brawl!
Preyas stand!
Preyas?
I don't believe it!
No way!
It can't be?
Preyas, is it really you?
You're alive...
It's actually you, Oh Preyas...
He's come back!
But there's something different about him!
What?
Preyas what's wrong with you?
Sorry to let you down but this won't be much of a
reunion for you two.
You see things have changed.
Preyas is no longer with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
He belongs to me!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back.
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Preyas recognized. Power level 340 G's.
Griffon power level increase.
Oh no!
Mantris!
Hey you!
What did you do to Preyas?
Preyas has been exposed to a lot of negative
power and that's what makes him act so savagely.
You can't win Fear Ripper.
Snap out of it!
He's acting just like Fear Ripper!
I know!
It's my turn!
Bakugan brawl!
Fear Ripper stand!
Fear Ripper recognized!
I'm in!
Huh, Marucho?
Bakugan brawl!
Stinglash stand!
Bakugan Stinglash recognized !
Gate card open!
Double battle!
My next ability card forces both players to
put an additional Bakugan on the field!
Centipoid stand!
Lumulus stand!
Double battle, Centipoid has joined Fear Ripper
for a combined Powel Level of 680 G's. Limulus and Stinglash at 670 G's.
This isn't good!
Marucho needs more power!
Don't give up on him!
This never would have happened if he'd let me go first.
Dan, this is not the time to be complaining!
Ha, Ha, it's no fun if I win this easily.
Ability card activate!
Rapid Haos!
Rapid Haos is an ability card which allows another
team mate to join in the battle when there is more
than one light attributed Bakugan on the field.
And as you can see the three of us our all using
Bakugans with light attributes.
Who wants to be next?
Oh come on! Make your choice already and get on with it!
Klaus you're up!
Why, thank you.
I knew he'd pick you.
Bring out Aquos Preyas!
Aquos Preyas stand!
Not Preyas again!
Aquos Preyas combining power levels with Fear
Fear Ripper and Centipoid for a total of 1020 G's.
They're so powerful!
Preyas, it's me, you know., your old friend Marucho!
Marucho!
You okay?
Please Preyas!
You don't have to be this way.
You're not a monster.
Go back to the way you were.
No, Come back Preyas.
Klaus would have won anyway.
But he still put Preyas in the battle.
Just to upset Marucho.
I'm in!
Bakugan brawl!
Gargonoid stand!
Bakugan Gargonoid recognized.
Great!
Finally I get my turn!
Bakugan brawl!
Warius stand!
Bakugan Warius recognized.
Warius, get 'em!
Gate card open!
Intercept!
What, whatta ya mean intercept?
Sorry but this battle isn't going to count.
And the player who puts the next Bakugan on the
neighboring card will be the winner.
No way!
I'll leave this one up to you Klaus.
Chan, I'm honoured, and I always thought that you
were jealous of me.
Let's finish this!
Bakugan brawl!
Preyas stand!
Move Warius!
Come on, do something!
Your Bakugan is out of luck.
While the Intercept card is activated,
it can't even move a finger.
All right Preyas, it's time for you to send
Warius to the Doom Dimension.
You scammer!
Don't let it get to you Dan.
Don't give in to your anger.
He knows that we'll get upset if he uses Preyas to attack.
You gotta do something Dan!
What should I do?
You could get the old Preyas back, that would be a start.
Huh, that's easy for you to say!
Can't you think of something better than that?
Oh sure!
Maybe if we ask real nice they'll let us win!
What are you two doing!
We're in the middle of a battle!
You expect me to come up with all the answers!
Yeah right!
Sorry, my bad. I thought maybe you wanted to win!
Well of course.
I'm starting to wonder!
Yeah you would!
Silence!
My apologies but if ever there was a time to work together,
it would be now.
We can't afford to fight with one another anymore.
She's right. - That's true.
- Hey sorry, Runo. - No Dan, I'm sorry.
Are you done?
Could you save the romantic quarrels for later?
Aw zip it!
It's not like that at all!
Bakugan brawl!
Ravenoid stand!
Preyas has to be stopped...He's tearing
our team apart!
We have to take Preyas down!
This has gone on long enough!
We can't let any more of our Bakugan get sent to
the Doom Dimension!
Marucho?
Bakugan brawl Tentaclear stand!
Bakugan Tentaclear recognized!
Time for a little light show!
Ability card activate!
Tentaclear binder!
I think my retina is detached!
I can't see a thing!
Did they get Ravenoid?
It's too bright to see anything!
If we wait around to see, Preyas will get our other Bakugan.
No he won't!
I know I can get him back if we win this battle!
Go on!
We've got no choice!
Even Marucho said we have to take him out!
Yoo-hoo!
You obviously didn't hear a word I said did you?
If I win this I can get Preyas back to his old self again.
That's what I mean.
What?
Tigrerra once told me that when a Bakugan loses a battle,
there's a huge impact on its body.
The loss causes a huge change.
Right Tigrerra?
Yes, that's true,
My lady, are you thinking...
Yeah!
If Preyas loses this battle.
The shock to his head will put him right again.
Preyas once battled so hard he forgot who he was.
But when we walloped him on the head that brought
him back to normal.
Okay. but he's Klaus's Bakugan now.
If we do figure out a way to defeat him won't he
just go right back to Klaus again?
I already thought of that!
Just leave it to me!
If you say so Runo!
Klaus wants to mess with us so I know he'll bring
Preyas out.
When he does, that's when I'll make my move!
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Gargonoid stand!
Right!
Let's do it Drago!
Okay!
Bakugan brawl!
Dragonoid stand!
Bakugan Dragonoid recognized.
Gate card open!
Triple battle!
Triple Battle is a gate card that can only be
used when there are three Bakugans out on the battle field.
And the third one is right here.
Chan, once again you've set me up perfectly.
You are too kind.
Bakugan brawl!
Preyas stand!
This will be the end of that Pyrus Dragonoid.
Masquerade will be pleased to hear that.
I got news for you pal!
What?
Guess what, you walked right into my trap!
Here we go!
Ability card activate!
Rapid Fire!
That's Rapid Fire!
It gives you the ability to let another of yours
or a team mates Bakugan join in the battle.
But, the Bakugan must have a fire attribute,
and I've been saving that ability card for you Klaus.
Time to brawl!
Go get 'em Tigrerra.
What!
Our Bakugan have a total power level of only 660.
Calculating opponent's Bakugans power level, 740 G's.
No, they tricked me!
I should have seen this coming!
It's been awhile Preyas!
You'll remember us soon enough!
As soon as we battle!
We got him!
Good!
I'll take it from here!
Sit tight Marucho!
Gate card set!
Tigrerra, it's your turn.
Yes, my lady, I know what to do.
Bakugan brawl!
Tigerra stand!
Ah big deal!
Go Centipoid!
Bakugan brawl!
Centipoid stand!
Centipoid recognized.
Ability card activate!
Pure Light!
Huh, What is Pure Light?
You can use that ability card to restore any
Bakugan that's been lost no matter whose side it's on.
I see their plan!
Come back to us Preyas!
Marucho! Here.
Preyas!
Huh? What? where am I?
Oh Preyas!
Whoa, hey hold on, I remember now!
I lost a battle and was held captive.
Everything's okay now Marucho.
Uh sorry to bother you sonny,
But you'll have to save the crying for later.
There's something we need to do right now!
I believe we have a score to settle with them!
You're right Preyas!
Let's go Marucho!
Yeah!
This is where the battle really begins!
Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers the battle goes on!
Now that Marucho has Preyas back we're ready
to go for another round against Masquerade's three thugs.
They may be the three of the best Bakugan players
in the world but that doesn't mean much to us.
There skills look a little sketchy,
Preyas and Drago are all we need to show 'em who rules the field.
Klaus may think he can catch us by surprise but the joke's on him.
Runo, Marucho and I are prepared to put it all on the line!
So see you next time on The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Until then...